Add example for Standalone components and a more functional approach (#443)
auth0/auth0-angular: EXAMPLES.md

  }
}
```

## Standalone components and a more functional approach
As of Angular 15, the Angular team is putting standalone components, as well as a more functional approach, in favor of the traditional use of NgModules and class-based approach.

There are a couple of difference with how you would traditionally implement our SDK:

- Use our functional guard (`authGuardFn`) instead of our class-based `AuthGuard`.
- Use our functional interceptor (`authHttpInterceptorFn`) instead of our class-based `AuthHttpInterceptor`.
- Register the interceptor by passing it to `withInterceptors` when calling `provideHttpClient`.

> - Register our SDK using `provideAuth`. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Register our SDK using `provideAuth0`.
```

  }
}
```

## Standalone components and a more functional approach
As of Angular 15, the Angular team is putting standalone components, as well as a more functional approach, in favor of the traditional use of NgModules and class-based approach.

> Untill we have built in support for these concepts, you will need to add a couple of small work arounds to leverage these concepts with our SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until we have built-in support for these concepts, you will need to add a couple of small workarounds to leverage these concepts with our SDK:
```
